Adress comments regarding the software in the JOSS reviewing process (#128)
yaml2sbml-dev/yaml2sbml: doc/examples/README.md

        *   Time-dependent right hand sides
        *   Step functions in the right hand side
        *   Function definitions
                
## Running the examples

> The notebooks come with additional dependencies, mainly for running the ODE-simulation and parameter fitting. Information on the installation of AMICI is given in its [installation guide](http://sbml.org/Special/Software/libSBML/docs/formatted/python-api/libsbml-math.html). Further dependencies ( e.g. [pyPESTO](https://github.com/ICB-DCM/pyPESTO)) can be installed via `pip install yaml2sbml[examples]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The notebooks come with additional dependencies, mainly for running the ODE-simulation
and parameter fitting.
Information on the installation of AMICI is given in its
[installation guide](https://github.com/AMICI-dev/AMICI/blob/master/INSTALL.md).
Further dependencies (e.g. [pyPESTO](https://github.com/ICB-DCM/pyPESTO))
can be installed via `pip install yaml2sbml[examples]`.
```

Reviewer 2: - No need to hyphenate "ODE-simulation"
- Could use the RTD link for the AMICI installation guide: https://amici.readthedocs.io/en/latest/python_installation.html
